ru.otus/core/sessionmanager/TransactionAction.java
 ru.otus.core.sessionmanager.TransactionAction
web/server/UserWebServer.java
 web.server.UserWebServer
ru.otus/crm/service/DBServiceAddressImpl.java
 ru.otus.crm.service.DBServiceAddressImpl
ru.otus/crm/model/Client.java
 ru.otus.crm.model.Client
web/webServices/TemplateProcessor.java
 web.webServices.TemplateProcessor
web/webServices/UserAuthServiceImpl.java
 web.webServices.UserAuthServiceImpl
web/helpers/FileSystemHelper.java
 web.helpers.FileSystemHelper
ru.otus/crm/model/Address.java
 ru.otus.crm.model.Address
ru.otus/crm/model/Phone.java
 ru.otus.crm.model.Phone
ru.otus/crm/service/DBServicePhoneImpl.java
 ru.otus.crm.service.DBServicePhoneImpl
ru.otus/core/repository/DataTemplateException.java
 ru.otus.core.repository.DataTemplateException
web/dao/InMemoryUserDao.java
 web.dao.InMemoryUserDao
ru.otus/core/sessionmanager/DataBaseOperationException.java
 ru.otus.core.sessionmanager.DataBaseOperationException
web/servlet/AuthorizationFilter.java
 web.servlet.AuthorizationFilter
ru.otus/crm/service/CacheHelper.java
 ru.otus.crm.service.CacheHelper
web/webServices/UserAuthService.java
 web.webServices.UserAuthService
web/servlet/UsersApiServlet.java
 web.servlet.UsersApiServlet
ru.otus/core/sessionmanager/TransactionManager.java
 ru.otus.core.sessionmanager.TransactionManager
web/dao/UserDao.java
 web.dao.UserDao
ru.otus/crm/dbmigrations/MigrationsExecutorFlyway.java
 ru.otus.crm.dbmigrations.MigrationsExecutorFlyway
ru.otus/core/repository/DataTemplate.java
 ru.otus.core.repository.DataTemplate
web/model/User.java
 web.model.User
ru.otus/demo/AppDbServiceDemo.java
 ru.otus.demo.AppDbServiceDemo
ru.otus/crm/service/DBService.java
 ru.otus.crm.service.DBService
web/webServices/TemplateProcessorImpl.java
 web.webServices.TemplateProcessorImpl
ru.otus/core/repository/HibernateUtils.java
 ru.otus.core.repository.HibernateUtils
ru.otus/crm/service/DbServiceClientImpl.java
 ru.otus.crm.service.DbServiceClientImpl
ru.otus/core/repository/DataTemplateHibernate.java
 ru.otus.core.repository.DataTemplateHibernate
web/webApp.java
 web.webApp
ru.otus/core/sessionmanager/TransactionManagerHibernate.java
 ru.otus.core.sessionmanager.TransactionManagerHibernate
web/servlet/LoginServlet.java
 web.servlet.LoginServlet
web/server/UserWebServerImpl.java
 web.server.UserWebServerImpl
web/servlet/AdminServlet.java
 web.servlet.AdminServlet
